In the Name of Love

Interestingly enough, just before I started reading this evening, my friend just complained to me that she found out today that her ex had blocked all her contacts, even though they had broken up a few months ago already. Their friend list and message history on social media faithfully recorded their past and probably reminded them of it during the past few months until they finally decided to delete each other. But this is by no means deleting themselves from each other's lives since the digital traces, such as the curated feed of advertisements and posts from mutual friends, remain as the debris of their relationship that cannot be easily smashed like an industrial machine or the relationship offline, which can be cut off by simply not contacting each other. It’s common for people to think that it is easier to cut off an online relationship because deleting and blocking contact is no more complicated than a few clicks, but as Evens mentions in the reading, in the modern world, we leave traces on the internet everywhere, which we may not consciously know and are not able to delete either. In this way, the Internet actually preserves the relationship in record longer than we’d expect, which might be part of the reason why Evens refers to it as slow internet. 

The Context of the Digital: A Brief Inquiry into Online Relationships

Gene McHugh talks about one feature of online communication the casualness varies depending on the tenor of the relationship between two parties: it certainly can be as formal as needed for work, but most of the time, it is very lenient with grammar and open to personalized expressions, which only the sender and the receiver will understand. It also reflects the personalized feature of interpersonal communications online. Though there are no physical contacts, online interaction is natural through texting, video chatting, etc., and online relationships can be as intimate as one in the real world. Love can be shared through technical mediums—why not? What is different is the medium, but not the content it delivers. 
