By exhibiting the content on their personal computer to everyone and making the whole project file open-sourced, Matteses explored the topic of hypervisibility and how the internet functioned as a distribution system. The author describes the space on the internet as the theater of visibility, where we live and later start to perform ourselves. Mattes’ project opened up a space that was supposed to be private to the public, and I think it was called “abstract pornography” because it sort of satisfied people’s voyeuristic desire—to peek into one’s privacy. It is interesting to see this project almost 20 years later. Though we spend more and more time online, the identity we show on social media might still be less revealing than Life sharing. Because nowadays, the identity on social media is often time carefully designed because we are well aware that there’s an audience—it’s more like a deliberate performance that only shows the viewer a particular part rather than a simple display Matteses did in their project.

Cao Fei created RMB city, a virtual city in the online virtual world of Second Life, as an exploration and experiment of the “creative relationship between real and virtual space, and is a reflection of China’s urban and cultural explosion,” as described on its website. It feels like an exaggerated projection/recreation of an abstract Chinese urban city at the beginning of the 21 century with the recurring symbols of consumerism and capitalism. The virtual city and the real world interact and influence each other, thus blurring the boundary between the two. For example, virtual and real performers collaborated in real time to present a hybrid opera show; a well-decorated retail space in the real world was prepared for China Tracy as the leasing office for RMB City. Though the virtual currency that the residents use to purchase is converted from real US dollars, it still surprised me that a virtual plot in the city was sold for 100,000 dollars back in 2007. I wonder if this money somehow strengthened the connection or left an impact on the interaction between reality and the virtual city. The idea of creating a virtual identity that represents the user’s desire and imagination also reminds me of the reading High Infidelity. They both discuss how online avatar allows one to break free from the restrictions of reality and choose the appearance of their aesthetics. Cao says, "when you’re online in a totally new world, your physical self is more invisible, and it’s your inner self that’s revealed.” It is very similar to the idea in the first reading that anonymity of the internet provides a safe space for the user to show their true self, which is different from cosplay where people are still aware  of the outside world's perception of them.
